March 2024 hackathon sites (#2921)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/dkfz-and-ghga.md

---
title: 'Hackathon - March 2025 (The German Cancer Research Center and GHGA)'

> subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at The German Cancer Research Center and GHGA'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: 'Local node of the nf-core hackathon at DKFZ and GHGA, Germany'
```

shortTitle: 'The German Cancer Research Center and GHGA'
type: 'hackathon'
startDate: '2025-03-17'
startTime: '09:00+01:00'
endDate: '2025-03-19'
endTime: '17:00+01:00'
locations:

>   - name: The German Cancer Research Center and GHGA

Reviewer 2: I think these are co-organizers not also sharing a location

Author: Fixed
